---
title: "Season 1 Episode 7: Quick Return Side Hustles"
date: 2018-03-20T12:00:00-04:00
description: |
  In this episode we discuss how some side hustles don't have to be an incremental climb. There's things you can do to make money (or whatever your goal is) within a month or even a week.
efile: "developer-hustle-season1-episode7.mp3"
duration: "0:36:53"
filesize: 88599928
season: 1
episode: 7
---

## Audio

{{< audiobox >}}

Other Places To Find This Episode:

- [Our podcast RSS feed](https://DeveloperHustle.io/episodes/index.xml)
- [iTunes](https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/developer-hustle/id1338544467)
- [Google Play Music](https://playmusic.app.goo.gl/?ibi=com.google.PlayMusic&isi=691797987&ius=googleplaymusic&apn=com.google.android.music&link=https://play.google.com/music/m/Iurdet57b3zqqvalbsksrvbinse?t%3DDeveloper_Hustle%26pcampaignid%3DMKT-na-all-co-pr-mu-pod-16)
- [Stitcher](http://stitcher.com/s?fid=165580&refid=stpr)

## Show Notes

- Ricardo's newest project: [MassShootings.US](https://MassShootings.US)
- Freelancing Websites
  - [Freelancer.com](https://www.freelancer.com/)
  - [Fiverr](https://www.fiverr.com/)
  - [Upwork](https://www.upwork.com/)
- [Nugget](https://nugget.one/)
- [Product Hunt Ask](https://www.producthunt.com/ask)

## Transcript

**Ricardo:** Hey everybody! Welcome to Season 1 Episode 7 of Developer Hustle the podcast about tech side projects and the people who make them. We’re your hosts Ricardo Feliciano and Will Blew. How’s your week been Will?

**Will:** It’s been great. I did a bunch of stuff. I mean, still not as much as I would like but a lot. I got some stuff pushed out to the Krl development site for some new features and I’m working on stripe integration. I did a bunch of stuff at Linode. We launched a community site today. 

**Ricardo:** Yeah, I saw that. Congrats by the way.

**Will:** It’s really nice I hope we get to use it a lot ‘cause we need it. I also...what did I push out earlier? Oh, earlier today I was just working on like a backup notification system because I don’t really have enough checks on the backups I think I mentioned that once before and it just pushes to Slack whenever it’s running it and it’s successful and verifications finished. A bunch of other stuff too just little fixes getting ready to push some payment processing out to krl.

**Ricardo:** Okay, yeah, I was gonna ask you cause you mentioned Stripe. So, you’re not currently accepting payments for anything right? 

**Will:** No. I started working with some Paypal stuff and I had a really bad experience with the development environment. So, I started transitioning over to Stripe for krl.io about a week ago. Just everything restart and I’m almost done.

**Ricardo:** Okay. Would you mind sharing or maybe I don’t know if you know this yet but what exactly are you going to be charging for like how’s your pricing model going to work? 

**Will:** It’ll be up soon. I’m not final on anything but the general gist is that it’s going to be around $10/month. Just depends on what features that is and I’m trying to get a lot of useful things in there before I actually start charging.

**Ricardo:** Okay.

**Will:** How was your week? 

**Ricardo:** Just before I get into my week. Quick update from you so, I don’t know if it was our last episode or two episode ago I forget now. But, we discussed Work in Progress are you still using it?

**Will:** Yeah. I wasn’t for a few days but there was a lot of stuff going on and I wasn’t actually actively working on things so, I didn’t put anything in but I’ve been using it for the past like five days. I think I missed a day but I’m on like three streak but yeah I’m using it and reading stuff and just following chat and Telegram which is always really interesting.

**Ricardo:** So now that you’re a couple of weeks deeper into it any of your opinions change on it at all? 

**Will:** Honestly, no. It really is what you make it. You either use it and it helps you or you don’t. I think maybe there could be some features that would be interesting but I don’t know if that’s a path there going. 

**Ricardo:** Yeah I know so, I added Work in Progress on Product Hunt and I noticed that the URL said - 2 or something like that so it gave me the idea that it might’ve been on there before and I think I’m right because it then got removed from Product Hunt because apparently the creator I believe Mark is his first name I’m not 100% sure. He got it removed ‘cause he said he wasn’t ready. And then coincidentally just recently I think within the last week or so he put it on Product Hunt himself and launched and just like my concern. Some people were saying that it seemed kinda pricey especially for what at least on the website what it says it does. One thing interesting that I noticed that he responded with is you know he didn’t price it based on what it cost him to run or anything like that he’s pricing it based on what he perceives the value to customers to be and that’s why he set the price point that he did. I don’t know I find that interesting. I think he’s going the open data route that a lot of projects/companies are going with where they’ll show you their revenue and number of customers that they have for every month or quarter or something like that. I don’t know find it interesting. I’m gonna keep tabs on it see what happens. 

**Will:** Yeah, I’m gonna keep using it.

**Ricardo:** So, my week was week and a half really was pretty interesting. So, I have been focusing more on trying to get some side projects to like bring in a little bit of money. I just moved. I’m back in New York City and I’m trying to figure out ways you know to help my bank account. So, I was playing around with some projects. One of the things that I did was you know just like with this podcast the word hustle is important to me and it means a lot to me. So I fooled around with making some shirts I made three designs total. One of them was Bronx Hustle, the other was Queens hustle and then the third one was a generic like NY Hustle and put them up on Teespring and tried to sell them and that didn’t go well at all. I did Facebook ads for them and all that happened was I spent $126 with Facebook ads on Facebook itself and Instagram and nothing not a single well my girlfriend bought one but you know that doesn’t count she loves me so it’s cheating. So that was kind of a fail but in that process I ended up finding out that Amazon has a program called Amazon Merch which is slightly newer and it’s their version of Teespring basically it’s a print-on-demand service. So I ended up applying for that and I got accepted I think within a week or so. I got accepted and then I uploaded a design but then they had to actually approve before you’re allowed to sell it and I’m working on two more designs now. So, I’ll see how Amazon works. One of the benefits of that though compared to Teespring is on Amazon Merch you have the option of once you upload a shirt design and you want to sell it. You have the option of listing it on Amazon.com which you know they kinda sell a lot of things and have a lot of traffic every month so that I think is really awesome and a great way to hopefully get some more traffic so we’ll see if I can sell anything on there. Oh, Hugo Newsletter which I’ve talked about on the podcast before we put out the March issue that’s nice we’re down to two issues now, we’ll up to two issues and we have seventy-six subscribers I think so it’s still going up still down for sure but still going up. And lastly, I made a website for fun in a couple of hours called for fun but this is not really fun but it’s called Massshootings.us and that’s Mass shootings plural .us and it’s simply a tiny little one-page website that says ‘hey this is how many mass shootings have occurred in the United States this year in 2018 here’s how many days it’s been since the last mass shooting.’ When I launched the site I launched it at it was at 38 I think and I’ve only launched it maybe a week ago and we’re already at 46. So, it’s sad just looking at it basically it has a tweet button so I kinda just tweet it out whenever the number changes. Regardless, of how you feel about guns or anything like that I think that just knowing the severity of this problem regardless of what the solution might be is important and hopefully some more people can realize that this is actually important and within every couple of days unfortunately there’s another mass shooting in this country and we need to figure something out whatever it is put out that project but otherwise, that’s been my week.

**Will:** Sounds like a productive one and I think having information is the starting point to finding a solution to stuff like that hopefully.

**Ricardo:** Yeah, I agree that’s why I didn’t try to list any solutions and tell people what to do there because that’s a whole different discussion but I just wanted to present some information to people so people know what’s happening.

**Will:** Yeah, and I actually saw you launch the Hustle t-shirts and I’m curious what you learned from it not working and how you’re going to apply those lessons to your next approach aside from you know Amazon having a huge advantage by dropping the shirts in their store.

**Ricardo:** I’m not sure yet, fully what I’ve learned but so some of my approach was I did the Bronx hustle and Queens hustle which are two boroughs in NYC shirts and I marketed them towards at least on Facebook I did the demographics of anyone within I think thirty miles of NYC. And the idea of that was I chose one color one shirt style and all of that and none of them sold. So, when I did the NY hustle shirt what I’m trying to do is I’m doing it like debugging a program for example, so I’m changing one little piece at a time and seeing if that makes an impact versus changing a bunch of things and then not knowing which change made the impact. When I did the NY hustle shirt all I changed was I added additional colors which I didn’t do for the first time time. I added additional colors to see if that made an effect and it didn’t that was good learning, failed learning? I don’t know. Another thing I’m doing. I haven’t really promoted it at all but for the Amazon design it’s still the NY design but I tweaked the design a little bit. There’s like a horizontal bar between the words NY and hustle so I made that a little bit smaller and I haven’t tried selling that yet but another tweak that I plan on doing is just changing the design completely so I might keep the words but the design right now is very basic there’s nothing like creative I guess about it it’s just plain text really with a horizontal line between the two words. So I think the next one I’m gonna keep the words and maybe make it a little bit more artistic where words are a little bit more wavy or there’s some kind of shape or design in the background kinda change it up and put a little bit more effort into that side and see if that changes anything at all and what’s helpful with Facebook ads is yes I didn’t get any sales but it also shows me how much how many people viewed it how much engagement I got and more specifically clicks through the website so I’m using that data as well to see if any of these changes that I make how it actually affects anything. I’m still very much early in the process and I don’t know how Amazon’s gonna affect my stats so far or if it’s not gonna affect it at all. But, we’ll see. 

**Will:** Alright.

**Ricardo:** Do you have any suggestions? 

**Will:** No. I have no idea. It seems like that market, that environment might be a little crowded but I guess if you can stand out, you can target correctly you can get it done. 

**Ricardo:** Yeah, it’s definitely crowded. One thing I did notice because like I said I did this so far on Facebook ads on actual Facebook and then Facebook ads through lnstagram which is basically a promoted Instagram post the only thing I have noticed so far is the Instagram one did a lot better maybe ‘cause it’s more visual media or the type of people on Instagram but the same shirt same design the post on Facebook I think one of them ended up getting like 13,000 views and maybe 20 clicks but the Instagram one got I don’t remember how many views but I think it was more views and more clicks but more importantly there’s a bunch of people on Instagram liking the post or liking the actual account that I did it under so it seemed to get more engagement and activity and all that on Instagram so for future things like when I try to push this Amazon version of this now I’m definitely gonna target Instagram because there seems to be more activity there. What I haven't done yet is Twitter and it’s because I’m still new to Twitter but well Twitter advertising but I made a brand new Twitter account for this called Revidian Apparel and that was where I was going to do this but because the account was new it wouldn’t let me do ads. So, Twitter seems to very much pay attention to all of that. So, I can do adds on my account cause my accounts been around for years but I’m not sure if I wanna do that so each network seems to have their own different roles and kinda need to learn how to play their game. That’s what I’m trying to figure out now.

**Will:** Alright well, keep us updated either way.

**Ricardo:** Yeah definitely. What are we talking about today? So today’s episode I believe we’re gonna be talking about quick return side hustles right?

**Will:** Yeah. I made this episode for you. You’ve been talking about it you were launching this stuff that was obviously you know you’re trying to get a product out and get the return for creating that physical thing and we had discussed your move and everything and how crazy it was I felt like it was a good topic it’s pretty straightforward and there are approaches that you can do that are development related software related and then there are some other stuff that I’ve done and I have experience in that I wanted to talk about.

**Ricardo:** Awesome yeah sounds good and completely relatable so, let's get into it.

**Will:** Yeah so, the first topic is going to be a little bit more related to the common theme of what we do here on this podcast which is freelancing and freelance in development so I mentioned FreeLancer.com but I mean you could take this to any of the places you can do the similar things on like vWorker and I think there a couple other ones that are pretty big that offer development services and what I found trying to do these things that I think kinda encapsulates why I even mentioned bringing it up even though there a lot of negatives to it is that it’s a way to one, get better at your craft and develop things and two, make money pretty quickly ‘cause there a lot of small jobs and I think that’s the biggest pro is that there a lot of really small things that you can help people with that pay okay. The counter and con to that is that there are a lot of people bidding on most of these sites. [Ricardo: Yeah.] I don’t know if you’ve experienced any of these before Ricardo? I’m curious if you’ve looked into them or if you’ve used them before.

**Ricardo:** So, yes and no. So, I think part of I guess how this episode came about so I actually put out over social media ‘does anybody have any ideas of how I can make money?’ And I didn’t specifically mention tech although I probably should’ve but immediately of course someone said ‘Uber’ and at least for right now that’s not really my thing. I actually prefer something on the tech side I guess. Some people did end up mentioning sites like this no one mentioned FreeLancer.com but someone mentioned to me Fiverr and someone mentioned I wanna say UpWork I think that was the site I’m not sure. [Will: Yeah, that’s another one of the ones that’s UpWork.] I haven’t used these sites as a freelancer yet as a like provider but one of my projects that I have which uh funny enough I haven’t launched yet I kinda forgot about it but I wanted to make a website for military reservists like I was in the Navy and I’ve been making so many logos for so many projects that I decided I wanted a break that I wanted to outsource it so I actually went onto I think it was Fiverr went onto Fiverr so I have an account there as like a customer trying to find someone who can make my logo but, I haven’t done it as an actual freelancer yet and since that post that I did I was actually considering it but like you said there’s a lot of people and a lot of people bidding and you know there’s a lot of a lot of people who are willing to build things for $2/hr. As a freelancer someone competing with that, how do you compete with that? And then even as a customer, how sure can you be that you’re going to get quality at that point. I worry about the quality put it that way.

**Will:** Yeah, for sure. I can’t believe I didn’t mention Fiverr. But I think Fiverr is unique in it kinda flips the script to some extent ‘cause obviously there are other sites and FreeLancer I believe supports you know, the customer reaching out to the developer it’s just not how they’re usually framed and Fiverr kinda like flips that. [Ricardo: Yeah.] Fiverr spands well beyond development and you know technical projects and I’m sure some of these other ones do at some point now it’s been awhile since I’ve used them as someone providing a service. But I think that the quality approach on Fiverr is much higher like you can tell and see what you’re going to get and obviously there are rating systems on some of these other ones but those can be gamed so easily and I’m not saying that Fiverr can’t but they have to upfront show their work and show how they’re doing things. I think that that’s kind of a unique approach and I definitely agree with you that on FreeLancer, vWorker, UpWork all that stuff there is the possibility of the bidding war, the very low bid on work that definitely should not have a bid that low and I’ve seen that a ton on some of the older versions of these sites they’re still around that have been around for awhile where you have this person who has this huge rating and they’re like ‘I’ll do it for $5’ and in some cases I’m sure that they’ve scripted this stuff and they’re just trying to get the volume of work up to make the cash and I respect that but there is something to be said about the quality of work when you’re paying as a quick contract or even for a longer one.

**Ricardo:** Yeah. It’s tough but as one of the suggestions I was definitely considering it before anyone mentioned Fiverr or any of these kind of sites. I was actually thinking of consulting which I don’t know if you would consider that a quick return side hustle but because I do have a full-time job it would be a side hustle and I like all parts of technology and the whole startup life of developing but also the you know front end work in terms of focusing on UI/UX as well as the marketing side of things like blog post writing, trying to optimize the websites for you know SEO stuff and what else? Just all of that and I feel like my experience freelancing when I first started out, my experience at Linode and now my experience at CircleCI the beauty of being in a startup is I’ve seen so much of how these businesses get started, how websites get started from scratch what works and what doesn’t work and I was thinking maybe consulting or maybe do one of these freelance sites that a way to just bring in some quick money with something that I know how to do.

**Will:** You could argue that not all these fall into quick return as well you know just like you said ‘I don’t know this quick return’ you could argue that these don’t but what I’m getting at is stuff that’s like you know small mvp type parts of products or websites or services or whatever that already exists so like I need this WordPress plugin like usually those types of plugins are pretty straightforward stuff that people need they’re not often super complex and I’m not saying that doesn’t happen but in most cases there I need the specific thing for this thing I already use ‘okay done like I’ve done this a million times I’ll write this up it’d be really good way to make some quick money and help somebody out’ that kind of stuff and I’m just saying WordPress as an example there a huge number of other places where you can hit that niche and make that product for someone or that extension to their product pretty quickly and that’s what I used to do when I was younger and I found pretty good success in doing that not a ton of money but enough when I needed it you know.

**Ricardo:** Yeah. Yeah I hear you. And speaking of that so, actually I don’t know how well I’m trying to look it up right now as I’m saying this how well you’ve seen other sites but in terms of WordPress plugins or quick ideas that someone has that maybe you can do a good site a good resource that people might wanna check out which I follow right now is called Nugget and their website is Nugget I think it changed it’s Nugget.one which I didn’t even know that .one as in o-n-e is actually a TLD but apparently it is. So, what’s really cool about Nugget is it’s a source of ideas so basically I signed up for the mailing list and I think it’s once a day or once a week, I don’t know what it is but basically they email me once a day lets just say, with an idea. It’s an idea that someone has submitted to them and to be quite honest I’m not fully sure how they get their ideas I don’t remember how they source them but they have thousands upon thousands at this point and basically they email me one idea a day. And the top of the email is the idea itself as written by whoever provided it and then the bottom is the guy who created Nugget it’s his analysis of the idea so basically he doesn’t do it for every single idea but he basically does very light market research to say ‘hey this idea seems plausible because there are these competitors but they’re not doing exactly the way this person wants or this market is this size or maybe there is no competitors here’ maybe that’s something that I can do is go back to my emails ‘cause what I do is I save the ones that seem promising and in Google Inbox I also then pin the ones that seem like not only promising but seem like a great business idea. I should probably just go back to there as well but again I don’t know how quick that is at least for me some of those ideas I feel like would take several weeks or months of development to kind of get something done but Nugget.one is a way to kind of source his ideas I think and another thing that I found you know, I’m saying these things and then I realized I’m not doing them myself. Product Hunt actually has a section on their website where people can request things they can request an app for it and the only reason why I know that is because Ryan maybe the guy who founded Product Hunt, I follow him on Twitter and every now and then he’ll see one of these product requests I guess he thinks are good or viable and he’ll tweet it out. So, between Nugget’s website, Product Hunt there’s ways you can just find ideas that people are requesting that are actually requesting and saying ‘hey we want this’ and I guess if you can find something that you know maybe you can get done in a weekend or in a couple weekends that’s quick enough maybe right? Something to get done. 

**Will:** Yeah. Depends on your need. I think another thing that people fail to realize you know when they’re in that situation where they need to get some sort of return in a short period of time but don’t want to have to do anything desperate and have skills that they can provide to others is that you can find friends who need to make some money and you can bring them in and get them to help you and you can still make some money help someone out and hustle like in general you’ll get better for doing it you’ll help someone out maybe you’ll start some sort of partnership to do that stuff regularly there’s definitely a lot of people who need a lot of help and if you have the technical skills or even non-technical skills you know Fiverr’s full of creative skills you can definitely make some money and do what you need to do.

**Ricardo:** Yeah. Another idea of mine which I haven’t started but it’s been on my mind is, you know as we’ve made this podcast I actually have another podcast in the works that I’m hoping to come out by April related to Marvel and DC basically talking about all the movies the T.V. shows and the games. And you know I listen to a bunch of podcasts and I was actually thinking about you know starting a company to provide transcriptions and editing which once again just like with the T-shirts thing there’s a lot of companies doing that not as much as the T-shirts thankfully but there’s still going to be some competition there. And the idea behind that is I have a friend of mine who you know,  he edits this podcast his name is Grimm Jones and you know he’ll here this when he goes on to edit after we record but basically he edits this podcast and he’s really good at it and exactly what you said I was thinking about maybe creating a landing page and seeing if I can get people who have their own podcasts who need editing and you know they pay me to edit the podcast and then I in turn I’ll split that money with Grimm and have him edit it and then we could both make money that way and I’ll do all the marketing work and try to bring more and more people into it. So, It’s something that is kinda building on the relationship him and I already have and we’re already doing but hopefully as we bring in more people it’s a way to kind of make money and then see if it grows but I don’t know. What do you think of that idea? I haven’t started it yet. 

**Will:** I don’t know. I feel like try it out see how it goes. See how much effort it is you know if it’s really something you’re passionate about ‘cause I’m one of those people that I’m not trying to do it if I’m not really interested and into that zone or if I don’t know enough about it so it really depends. 

**Ricardo:** Yeah. It’s one thing that I’ve noticed it’s going back to the interview we had with Kyle where I am passionate about it maybe, not as much as some of my other ideas but I am. But it’s definitely something that I’ve seen people need. Especially in the transcription side because a lot of the podcasts that I listen to or even with the people that I follow on Twitter who run podcasts they all seem to have the same complaint that these transcription companies kinda come and go because it’s a race to the bottom for them or how cheap they can provide it basically so maybe a provider that can come in and doesn’t do the race at the bottom so they won’t be the cheapest but it’ll be a company that someone can actually rely on  and six months down the road they’re still around and they still will do transcriptions that could be interesting and then any projects that I do I’m always worried concerned about accessibility and I think not a lot of projects help like blind people or help deaf people for example, so, I was actually thinking you know as I work on projects I’m always thinking about how can I help in that area and with podcasts you know, a deaf person can’t listen to a podcast so, whether if it was a podcast that was on YouTube another option would be finding out ways to make it affordable though to actually sign a podcast and have that video on YouTube so someone who wants to listen to a podcast but can’t actually listen to it you know there’s transcriptions which they can read or on YouTube they can actually watch a video of someone signing the whole podcast which I think would be pretty interesting.

**Will:** Yeah, sounds like it.

**Ricardo:** Yeah, so, I’m investigating different things. We’ll see but yeah I started off with the t-shirts I’m not working so far but not giving up and we’ll see what happens with that. 

**Will:** Well, one more little quick return thing that I wanted to talk about which is really straightforward and I’ve done it many many times. Which is going to the flea market and I don’t know about most people but I have a really good flea market pretty close to where I live so, I feel lucky and I feel like in NY you probably have a bunch of similar type of things that are not too far. 

**Ricardo:** We do. We do. But since I was little I’ve always hated flea markets [Will: why?] because almost all of them are outside and they’re hot.

**Will:** I definitely get that Willy doesn’t like them very much. One of the things that I do in flea markets is I look for collectors items but I’m not talking about like things that you need to have you know super intricate knowledge and understanding of although there are a lot of things that are straightforward and you can look up if you’re not an expert in them and you can understand how they’re supposed to look what markings they’re supposed to have. I mean it really depends on what it is but you can do research ahead of time or you can go to the flea market note down things that you thought were interesting that maybe you should know more about or a type of thing. So, one of the things that I got into as an example, is Hess trucks. Hess Trucks are not very valuable right now but they do have some sort of value and if you can get them for a good price you’re making money and that’s really what it’s about in the situation we’re talking about. So, you can go out and go find a super collectible Hess truck of a certain year which there aren’t too many that are worth too much but if you can get them for cheap enough you can get a big return. So, let’s say you find one for $5 and it’s worth $30 well, is the effort worth it? Probably. But, you’d have to consistently do that but it is a way to go about making a couple extra bucks on a regular basis. Like one time I went into the flea market and I found one it was like $10 and I was like ‘I’m not paying $10 for that’ and I looked it up on my phone like two minutes before I went up and I saw that I was right and I asked him for less and I got it for less and then I made money off of it because you go to these flea markets and you’ll see things like Hess trucks again, just using this as an example, will be there every week. They do not sell that many of them if you go to your local flea market. Now, if you go to like a really popular one it’s gonna be a different story but if you go to like a local one you’ll see that these things stay on their tables. They sell maybe one or two a month I would assume from what I’ve seen in my area and obviously you need to go, you need to take notes you need to pay attention. I’m lucky that I have a pretty good memory and visually I can remember most of the stuff but if you really want to get down to it and you really want to make as much as you can off of buying these things and reselling them online you have to take notes. Like, this guy had fifteen Hess trucks three weeks ago, he has fifteen Hess trucks right now ‘I will buy all of your Hess trucks if you give me each one for this amount. I know you’ve had them for a month you’re gonna make money off of this. You probably got them from the trash or a yard sale or both a trash yard sale’ you can make money that way. There’s a guy reselling clothes he’s buying online for cheap like a dollar, two dollars and he’s buying big bins at flea markets and he’s reselling all those clothes on Ebay he made like $10,000,000 this year. Some ridiculous amount of money just flipping these clothes it’s ridiculous but it takes the work. You do have to put in the work if you don’t know something you think you’re interested in you need to learn about it, you need to take notes. You’re gonna make mistakes but you have to put in the time.

**Ricardo:** Yeah. I noticed you said flipping which I think is the keyword there. This is basically the same concept that people do on real estate where they flip houses but you can do it with other things that are not houses ‘cause part of the problem with houses is they cost a lot. To flip one house you need to be able to buy it first that’s not as easy and I think this skill is extremely underrated. So, a quick story for this my grandmother is the person I think who taught me what the word hustle means. She rarely ever said it but, out of anyone that I’ve ever met in my life you know she’s the oldest one that I deal with in my family and she works harder than probably everyone in my family including me. My grandmother is definitely where I got my desire for to run a business and to do this and to do that. She’s pretty much the embodiment of the word ‘hustle’ and my grandmother why I mentioned that I didn’t like flea markets when I was younger my grandmothers been working at flea markets for probably over twenty years. She’s in the music business so she would buy music from the wholesalers and then resell them at flea markets. Since then what I noticed that my grandmother does is she does that she doesn’t do it with like Hess trucks obviously but my grandmother has an eye so, whenever she would go setup a flea market on the weekend before she would start selling her things. She would walk around to all the people who have been there early and see what they have to sell and she actually started to make a lot of money ‘cause what she would do is go around and find like statues and things like that. You know those little garden gnomes you would have in your front lawn? She would find those kind of things that people are selling that you know the paints fading, maybe it’s a little chipped here and there and she would buy it from them for like $2 and my grandmother is like I said she’s amazing she’s really handy she knows how to do a lot of things by herself and I don’t know how she learned these things. She might’ve taught them to herself she would take things like a garden gnome home and get whatever she needs at home depot and repaint it she would use like putty or any of those things and kinda like fix cracks smooth it over, sand it over, repaint the whole thing and then put that item on Ebay and sell it for $5, $10, $20 and similar to what you do with Hess trucks my grandmother does that with garden gnomes. She’s done that with a lot of lawn things so like you know those water fountains that some people might have that are a little bit smaller or the little frogs any of those kind of items. I don’t know what category that’s considered but she has an eye to find those things and kind of determine what would sell. Buy them, fix them up herself and then sell them or what she would do is kind of put them into sets. So, she’ll find one person that has a male gnome and another person that has like a female gnome and then another person that has like a stone flower she would fix them all up and then sell them as a set of three together for like $45 on Ebay. And you know she’s made a living out of that she’s been retired from the music business but that’s still what she does now to make a living and to pay her bills, pay her insurance, pay for her food.

**Will:** yeah you can definitely do it. If you have a skill it’s even easier. She seems to have a knack at fixing things which she’s obviously developed as a skill to repair and understand how to pair items together to sell them and get rid of more merchandise that she has which is really what it equates to. And other people have other skills they don’t have to be like physical skills. What I actually started with ‘cause the Hess trucks I’m not an expert I just learn enough to get by with what I’ve purchased and what I didn’t purchase but what I actually started with was Magic: The Gathering cards because I’ve been playing Magic: The Gathering since I was like twelve years old and I go to the events sometimes. I play regularly so I’ve always had those cards around me. I know how to look them up I know what the conditions are and I sell my Magic cards from my collection that I’ve acquired over my entire life regularly to get other Magic cards and to fund full decks and I could just as easily go out and look for those things and do it it’s just a matter of effort and time and time is something I don’t have enough of to do that. But, if I had to, I could go out and use that knowledge that I’ve gained throughout my life and execute on that and I think everybody has a least one of those types of things where they’re like really solid in it and with this type of skill where you’re going out and finding things that you can then make profit from or improve someone else’s life by giving them that improved thing you can definitely survive with those skills and I feel like this applies to that very well.

**Ricardo:** Yeah I agree and something that I did when I was younger which I’m just reminded of now is I kind of did that with computers walking around New York you know you’ll find a lot of people who throw out things on the curb and traditionally you see people do this with furniture which the furniture side of it kind of scares me a little like couches but bookcases I guess something like that someone’s throwing out a bookcase that they don’t need anymore or maybe it’s scratched and for them it’s ruined or someone else will see it and say ‘oh well that looks good’ and they’ll pick it up and take it and I did that with computers because a lot of the times one little thing goes wrong with a computer and someone who maybe doesn’t have that understanding of computers thinks it’s ruined and they throw it out. When really the hard drive went corrupted fine but the RAM is still good, the fans inside are still good, the power supply is still good so I would take those parts and I would buy broken computers on Ebay and get those parts and then basically put all the good parts together and remake a computer and then go on and sell that. That was another thing that I did personally myself ‘cause computers are what I knew and I knew it the hard way by opening computers and breaking them and figuring out how to fix them again.

**Will:** Yeah, I mean it’s taking that skill applying it and surviving something that we’ve been doing forever just this is a different modern way of bartering and you know all that good jazz that we learn about it’s basic human survival so I figured both of the things we discussed were pretty valid approaches and one may be in the physical realm more so and the other in the technical realm but either way if you need to quickly make some funds for whatever reason you know things pop up in life that are not fun these are some approaches that you can take with the skills that you may already have.

**Ricardo:** Exactly. And hopefully you know some of them could be ideas where it is just for that quick return you get a little money maybe for a couple of months and then that’s it you don’t need it you kinda stop it and some of those things because they’re bringing money so fast you’re able to use that to put back into it and maybe grow it and actually can turn from a side hustle to a side business you never know. 

**Will:** Yup. Awesome. But I think that covers pretty much everything that I want to talk about Ricardo.

**Ricardo:** I don’t think we did this last episode but do you have any commitments you want to throw out there for the next week anything you hope any task you hope to accomplish by the next episode?

**Will:** Yeah I’m gonna get the Stripe recurring subscription payments working for Krl in development because like I said I don’t want to push out the payments and limitations until all the features are out and right now I really don’t think I have all those features but one of those features will be just a plug a streaming notification that you can watch live as your short links are visited with refers so you can see how your campaign is going in real live stream whenever you would like.

**Ricardo:** For me? I don’t know there’s a few things I wanna do. So there’s two things I would say, one of them I don’t want to talk about just yet but I have a project that I’ve been wanting to work on for a year now I did a landing page a sign up page for it and I’ve already had 170 people sign up and I’ve yet to do anything and that’s horrible so I actually want to get started on that and I think maybe I’ll begin talking about that next episode. But aside from that DeveloperHustle.io which is the website for this podcast that you can go to find all of our episodes and social media accounts the theme that we’re using I like it but it was made by someone else and there’s a few tweaks that I’ve been wanting to do to make it easier when people share links so that the image automatically comes up and just a little bit more flexibility for mobile so I would say I would like to have the new theme for DeveloperHustle.io ready you know not with every single feature that we could possibly want but the website will be using a new theme by the time we record our next episode. I’ll throw that out there. 

**Will:** Sweet.

**Ricardo:** Awesome. And one last thing I think we should bring up. We’ve both been using Telegram right? And I believe you created a group?

**Will:** Yes, I did.

**Ricardo:** Awesome, so yeah, on Telegram I don’t know how you find groups yet on Telegram I should probably know how to do that but @DeveloperHustle I believe is the username right? For our Telegram group so we now have a Telegram group for this podcast so, if anybody has any questions, feedback, not only can you leave it on our website or on social media you can now actually join the Telegram group and talk with us and leave that feedback directly to us.

**Will:** Yeah and we’ll have the link in the notes because there’s a link to invite so you can just click the link. I just gave it to Ricardo so it’ll be on there. 

**Ricardo:** Cool, yeah I got it I’ll make sure to get that in the show notes. So yeah as I said if you have any questions, feedback for us please contact us our website is DeveloperHustle.io Twitter is @DeveloperHustle. Facebook is Facebook.com/DeveloperHustle and also if you have a side project you side hustle that you want to talk about and share with the world please get in contact we would love to have you on the show. Alright everybody thank you for listening. 

**Will:** Bye.                          
